[{"name":"Silence Serum","meta":"Potion, Rare","desc":"A creature that drinks this potion must succeed on a DC 13 Constitution saving throw or become poisoned for 1 hour. While poisoned this way, the creature can’t speak or cast spells that require verbal components."},{"name":"Smothering Cape","meta":"Wondrous Item, Rare (Requires Attunement)","desc":"This magic cape has 33 hit points and regains all hit points daily at dawn. When an attacker that you can see hits you with an attack, you can use your reaction to halve the attack’s damage against you and the cape takes the other half. If the cape is reduced to 0 hit points, you take any remaining damage. As a bonus action, you can speak the cape’s command word to cause it to animate. The animated cape has the statistics of a rug of smothering, except for its hit points, which remain the same in either form. The cape is under your control and acts on its own initiative count. On your turn, you can mentally command the cape if it is within 60 feet of you and you aren’t incapacitated. You decide what action the cape takes and where it moves during its next turn, or you can issue it a general command, such as to attack your enemies. The cape reverts to its inanimate form after 1 minute or when it is reduced to 0 hit points. Once used, this property can’t be used again until the next dawn."},{"name":"Sojourner’s Flute","meta":"Wondrous Item, Very Rare (Requires Attunement)","desc":"This slender flute has 3 charges and regains all expended charges daily at dawn. As an action, you can play a tune on the flute and expend 1 charge to cast the teleport spell from it. When you do so, you can teleport only to the exact spot where you last played that specific tune on the flute and you always arrive on target. If you play a tune you haven’t played on the flute before, you aren’t teleported, but instead designate where you return to the next time you use the flute to play that tune."},{"name":"Spellbreaker’s Axe","meta":"Weapon (Greataxe), Very Rare","desc":"You have a +1 bonus to attack and damage rolls made with this magical greataxe. Once per turn, when you hit a creature with an attack roll using this weapon, you can force the target to make a DC 15 Charisma saving throw. On a failure, it can’t cast spells other than cantrips and the magical properties of each non-artifact magic item it is carrying is suppressed until the end of its next turn."},{"name":"Spider’s Kiss","meta":"Weapon (Longbow), Very Rare (Requires Attunement)","desc":"When you hit with an attack roll using this magic longbow, the target takes an extra 1d8 poison damage. In addition, while you are carrying the bow, you have immunity to poison damage and can’t be poisoned. The bow has 3 charges and regains all expended charges daily at dawn. When you hit a creature with an attack roll using this bow, you can expend 1 charge to have magical webbing envelop it. The target must succeed on a DC 15 Dexterity saving throw or be restrained (escape DC 15) until the end of its next turn."},{"name":"Strongspirit Mug","meta":"Wondrous Item, Common","desc":"As an action, you can cause this magic mug to fill with strong spirits or convert any liquid within it to a strong, alcoholic beverage. A creature that drinks a full mug of this beverage must succeed on a DC 12 Constitution saving throw or become poisoned for 1 hour. A creature poisoned this way has advantage on saving throws against being frightened and gains 2d6 temporary hit points. Once used, this property can’t be used again until the next dawn."},{"name":"Sultan’s Khanjar","meta":"Weapon (Dagger), Rare (Requires Attunement)","desc":"Once per turn, when you hit a hostile creature with an attack roll using this dagger, the dagger gains 1 charge. As an action, you can expend its charges to cast one of the following spells from it (spell save DC 15): hold person (2 charges), invisibility (2 charges) lightning bolt (3 charges), or thunderwave (1 charge). When you cast a spell this way, you can increase the spell’s level by 1 for each additional charge you expend. If the dagger hasn’t been used to make an attack against a hostile creature for 1 minute, it loses all its charges."},{"name":"Survivor’s Armor","meta":"Armor (Any), Very Rare (Requires Attunement)","desc":"When your current hit points are equal to or less than half your hit point maximum while wearing this magic armor, you have resistance to bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage from nonmagical weapons. Last Stand. When you drop to 0 hit points while wearing this armor, you can choose to remain conscious instead. If you do so, you gain immunity to all damage, have advantage on weapon attack rolls, and weapon attacks you make deal an additional 1d8 radiant damage until the end of your next turn. If you still have 0 hit points at the end of your next turn, you fall unconscious and are dying. Once used, this property can’t be used again until the next dawn."},{"name":"Tattoo of Absorption","meta":"Wondrous Item (Tattoo), Rarity Varies (Requires Attunement)","desc":"This magic tattoo wards against one of the following types of damage: acid, cold, fire, force, lightning, necrotic, poison, psychic, radiant, or thunder damage. When you take damage of that type, the tattoo takes that damage instead. If this damage reduces the tattoo to 0 hit points, you take any remaining damage and the tattoo disappears. The tattoo’s hit points depend on the tattoo’s rarity, as shown in the Tattoo of Absorption table."},{"name":"Tattoo of Death Ward","meta":"Wondrous Item (Tattoo), Rare (Requires Attunement)","desc":"The first time you would drop to 0 hit points as a result of taking damage, you instead drop to 1 hit point, and the tattoo disappears. If the tattoo is still in effect when you are subjected to an effect that would kill you instantaneously without dealing damage, that effect is instead negated against you, and the tattoo disappears."},{"name":"Angel’s Heart","meta":"Wondrous Item, Very Rare (Requires Attunement)","desc":"This magic amulet has 7 charges and regains all expended charges daily at dawn. As an action, you can expend its charges to cast one of the following spells: detect evil and good (1 charge), divination (4 charges), shield of faith (1 charge), tongues (3 charges), and true seeing (6 charges).\n\nAngelic Ally. As an action, you can speak the amulet’s command word to summon a deva in an unoccupied space within 60 feet as if you had cast the planar ally spell. The deva performs one task for you without asking anything in return, though it refuses a request that would require it to hurt the innocent or act dishonorably. Once used, the amulet loses this property."},{"name":"Animated Painting","meta":"Wondrous Item, Rarity Varies","desc":"This magic painting depicts a beast, a dragon, or a monstrosity. When a command word is spoken, the creature springs to life, leaving the canvas blank as it appears in the nearest unoccupied space next to the painting. The creature understands your verbal commands, but can’t speak, cast spells, or use legendary actions even if its statistics would normally allow it to do so. It regards you as its companion and obeys your commands as best as it can, taking its turn on your initiative. After 1 hour has passed, or if the creature dies before then, it returns to the canvas. Once this property has been used, it can’t be used again until 7 days have passed. The GM chooses the depicted creature or determines it randomly. The maximum challenge rating of the creature is determined by the painting’s rarity.\nRarityChallenge Rating\nRareCR 0–3\nVery RareCR 4–7\nLegendaryCR 8–10"},{"name":"Animator’s Quill","meta":"Wondrous Item, Uncommon","desc":"As an action, you can animate a tiny creature that you have drawn with this quill. The creature manifests as a three-dimensional representation of the drawing made out of a solid, purple substance. The creature uses a rat’s statistics but has 6 Intelligence, +4 to Dexterity (Stealth) checks, and can cast invisibility (targeting only itself) at will. It can’t speak but shares a telepathic bond with you and understands simple commands, which it follows as best as it can. As an action, you can see through the creature’s eyes. There is no limit to how far away from you the creature can move, but it can’t enter another plane of existence. After 1 hour it dissipates into thin air. Once used, this property can’t be used again until the next dawn."},{"name":"Arctic Ring","meta":"Ring, Very Rare (Requires Attunement)","desc":"While wearing this magic ring, you have immunity to cold damage and difficult terrain composed of ice or snow doesn’t cost you extra movement.\n\nWinter Magic. This magic ring has 3 charges and regains all expended charges daily at dawn. As an action, you can expend its charges to cast one of the following spells (spell save DC 17): ice storm (1 charge), cone of cold (2 charges), or wall of ice (3 charges).\n\nAura of Cold. As an action, you can speak the ring’s command word to cause the temperature to drop drastically around you for 1 minute. Any creature that starts its turn within 5 feet of you takes 1d6 cold damage. In addition, a sheen of slippery ice forms in any square you move through. The ice is difficult terrain and a creature that starts its turn there or enters the area for the first time on its turn must succeed on a DC 10 Dexterity saving throw or fall prone. The ice melts away after 1 minute. Once used, this property can’t be used again until the next dawn."},{"name":"Argh’yak Bow","meta":"Weapon (Shortbow), Rare (Requires Attunement)","desc":"When the string on this magic shortbow is drawn, the goblinoid face decorating the bow comes to life, muttering curses and spitting insults in Goblin. When you hit a creature with an attack roll using this bow, the target takes an extra 1d6 piercing damage if it has dealt damage to you since the end of your last turn.\nWitch’s Soul. This bow has 3 charges and regains all expended charges daily at dawn. As an action, you can expend its charges to cast one of the following spells (spell save DC 15): bane (1 charge), silence (2 charges), or bestow curse (3 charges)."},{"name":"Assassin’s Blade","meta":"Weapon (Shortsword), Very Rare (Requires Attunement)","desc":"When you hit with an attack roll using this magic shortsword, the creature takes an extra 1d6 necrotic damage and it can’t regain hit points until the start of your next turn.\nLife Drain. When you hit a creature with this shortsword, you can force that creature to make a DC 15 Constitution saving throw. On a failure, the creature suffers 1 level of exhaustion and is paralyzed for 1 minute. The creature can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns and whenever it takes damage, ending the effect on a success. While the target is paralyzed this way, you can use an action on each of your turns to cause it to suffer 1 level of exhaustion and you regain 4d6 hit points. The effect ends if the target dies, if you use your action to do anything else, or if you or the shortsword is ever more than 5 feet away from the target. Once used, this property can’t be used again until the next dawn."},{"name":"Bag of Cooling","meta":"Wondrous Item, Common","desc":"This leather bag is sealed with a large metal buckle resembling a snow crystal and can hold 2 cubic feet/60 pounds. The temperature inside the bag is always 40 degrees Fahrenheit (5 degrees Celsius)."},{"name":"Bag of Monsters","meta":"Wondrous Item, Very Rare (Requires Attunement)","desc":"This sturdy and worn satchel is filled with 7 weirdly malformed gobbets of flesh.\nAs an action, you can pull a gobbet of flesh from the bag and throw it up to 20 feet. When the gobbet lands, it transforms into a creature you determine by rolling a d8 and consulting the table below (if you roll a creature that has already been summoned by the bag, roll again).\nd8Creature\n1Ankheg\n2Basilisk\n3Darkmantle\n4Manticore\n5Mimic\n6Owlbear\n7Rust Monster\n8Choose a creature from the list above\nWhen the creature drops to 0 hit points or when 1 hour has passed it crumbles into dust and a new gobbet of flesh representing the creature reforms inside the bag."},{"name":"Bag of Shared Holding","meta":"Wondrous Item, Uncommon","desc":"This bag has an interior space considerably larger than its outside dimensions, roughly 1 foot in diameter at the mouth and 2 feet deep. The bag can hold up to 250 pounds, not exceeding a volume of 32 cubic feet. The bag weighs 5 pounds, regardless of its contents. It functions as a bag of holding, except as noted below.\nShared Holding. Two creatures each holding one end of the drawstring at the bag’s neck can use an action to tie it shut. As they do so, their names (the names most commonly used to refer to them) appear on the side of the bag, etched in gold thread and the bag can be reopened only by these two creatures pulling on its string together. Destroying the bag causes its contents to be scattered in the Astral Plane. Once reopened, the creatures’ names disappear from the bag and it can be used freely until its string is tied again this way."},{"name":"Baneful Weapon","meta":"Weapon (Any), Uncommon (Requires Attunement)","desc":"Once per turn, when you hit a creature with an attack roll using this magic weapon, you can force the target to make a DC 13 Charisma saving throw. On a failure, whenever the target makes an attack roll or saving throw until the end of your next turn, the target must roll a d4 and subtract the number rolled from the attack roll or saving throw."},{"name":"Basilisk’s Blade","meta":"Weapon (Dagger), Rare (Requires Attunement)","desc":"This magic dagger has 5 charges and regains all expended charges daily at dawn. When you hit a creature with an attack roll using this dagger, you can expend 1 charge to deal an additional 2d6 poison damage to the target or 3 charges to turn the target into stone as if you had cast the flesh to stone spell (save DC 15) from the dagger."},{"name":"Beacon Shuriken","meta":"Weapon (Dart), Uncommon","desc":"When you hit with an attack roll using this magic dart, the target sheds dim light in a 10-foot radius until the end of your next turn. While the target is glowing this way, any attack roll against the target has advantage if the attacker can see it, and the target can’t benefit from being invisible."},{"name":"Beauty’s Bane","meta":"Wondrous item, Uncommon","desc":"As an action, you can speak this magic handmirror’s command word and hold it up before a creature within 5 feet of you. If the creature has an Intelligence score of 6 or higher and can see the mirror, it must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw against a DC equal to its Charisma score or become charmed by its own reflection. While charmed this way, the target is also stunned. The target can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending the effect on itself on a success. The effect also ends for the target if it takes damage, if someone else uses an action to shake the creature out of its stupor, or it can no longer see itself in the mirror. Once used, this property can’t be used again until the next dawn."},{"name":"Bladesinger’s Spear","meta":"Weapon (Spear), Very Rare (Requires Attunement)","desc":"You have a +1 bonus to attack and damage rolls made with this magic spear, which has the finesse property. The spear returns to your hand immediately after it is used to make a ranged weapon attack. You gain the following benefits while holding the spear:\n• You can use the spear as a spellcasting focus for your wizard spells.\n• When you hit with an attack roll using the spear, you can unprepare one wizard spell you have prepared to deal extra force damage equal to 1d8 + the spell’s level to the target.\nWhen you unprepare a spell using this spear, you can’t cast that spell again until you have finished a long rest and spent the requisite time preparing it again."},{"name":"Bone Merchant’s Coin","meta":"Wondrous Item, Uncommon","desc":"You have advantage on death saving throws while carrying this magic coin. In addition, you can flip the coin as an action to send a magical ping to an undead creature with which you are familiar. The creature recognizes you as the sender if it knows you and becomes aware of your precise position."},{"name":"Brightmind Cap","meta":"Wondrous Item, Uncommon (Requires Attunement)","desc":"This magic cap has a lantern mounted on the top. When a candle is lit within the lantern, it casts bright light in a 5-foot radius and dim light for an additional 5 feet. As an action, you can speak the cap’s command word to cause the candle to cast bright light in a 30-foot radius and dim light for an additional 30 feet.\nBrightmind. When you fail an Intelligence or Wisdom ability check or saving throw while wearing this cap, you can choose to reroll that ability check or saving throw. You must use the second roll. Once used, this property can’t be used again until the next dawn."},{"name":"Buckleshot Belt","meta":"Wondrous Item, Common","desc":"While wearing this magic belt, you can use a bonus action to shoot its metal buckle at a creature within 30 feet of you. Shooting the belt’s buckle is a ranged weapon attack you are considered proficient with that deals 1d4 bludgeoning damage. If recovered, the buckle can be reattached to the belt as an action."},{"name":"Caged Star","meta":"Weapon (Morningstar), Rare (Requires Attunement)","desc":"This magic morningstar has 3 charges and regains all expended charges daily at dawn. When an attacker that you can see hits you with an attack while you are holding it, you can expend 1 charge as a reaction to halve the attack’s damage against you. When you do so, the morningstar’s spiked ball glows with a fierce, radiant light until the end of your next turn. When you hit with an attack roll using the morningstar while it glows this way, the target takes an extra 1d8 radiant damage."},{"name":"Cat’s Eye Amulet","meta":"Wondrous Item, Rare (Requires Attunement)","desc":"While wearing this magic amulet, you have advantage on Dexterity saving throws and can comprehend and verbally communicate with beasts."},{"name":"Champion’s Shield","meta":"Armor (Shield), Rare (Requires Attunement)","desc":"When a creature you can see attacks a target within 30 feet of you while you are carrying this magic shield, you can use your reaction to magically swap places with the target, if it is willing. The attack is made against you instead."},{"name":"Charmer’s Tambourine","meta":"Wondrous Item, Uncommon (Requires Attunement)","desc":"You have advantage on Charisma (Performance) checks while playing this magic tambourine. In addition, you can cast the minor illusion cantrip at will.\nEnthralling Performance. This magic tambourine has 3 charges and regains all expended charges daily at dawn. You can expend its charges to cast the spells charm person (1 charge) or enthrall (2 charges) from it. The spell save DC is 13 or your spell save DC, whichever is higher."},{"name":"Chronomancer’s Staff","meta":"Staff, Legendary (Requires Attunement by a Spellcaster)","desc":"While holding this magic staff, you can’t be surprised and you have advantage on attack rolls, ability checks, and saving throws. Additionally, other creatures have disadvantage on attack rolls against you.\nTime Control. As an action, you can target a creature within 60 feet that you can see with one of the following magical effects, using your spell save DC:\n• The creature must succeed on a Constitution saving throw or be incapacitated and have a speed of 0 until the end of your next turn or until it takes damage.\n• The creature must succeed on an Intelligence saving throw or take 14 (4d6) psychic damage and until the end of your next turn, the target has disadvantage on saving throws, and attack rolls against it are made with advantage."},{"name":"Clockwork Sword","meta":"Weapon (Longsword), Rare (Requires Attunement)","desc":"This magic item appears to be a sword hilt. While grasping the hilt, you can use a bonus action to cause a blade made from metal and gemstones to fold out from the hilt, or make the blade disappear.\nClockwork Strike. Once per turn when you hit with an attack roll using this longsword, you can cause one of the following effects:\n• Flash. The target takes 1d8 radiant damage and must succeed on a DC 15 Constitution saving throw or be blinded until the end of your next turn.\n• Propulsion. The target and other creatures within 5 feet of it (except you) take 1d8 force damage and must succeed on a DC 15 Strength saving throw or be pushed up to 15 feet away from you.\n• Shock. The target takes 1d8 lightning damage and can’t take reactions until the end of your next turn.\nWhenever you use this property, roll a d8. On a 1, the blade malfunctions and you suffer the same effect as the target. When the blade malfunctions, it folds in on itself and disappears, and can’t be brought out again until the next dawn."},{"name":"Commander’s Helmet","meta":"Wondrous Item, Uncommon (Requires Attunement)","desc":"This magic helmet has 3 charges and regains all expended charges daily at dawn. When another creature within 30 feet that can hear you makes an attack roll, ability check, or saving throw, you can use your reaction and expend 1 charge to give that creature advantage on its roll."},{"name":"Dancer’s Boots","meta":"Wondrous Item, Common","desc":"While wearing these boots, you have advantage on Charisma (Performance) checks while dancing. Additionally, when you walk, you can choose to leave tracks that look like three humanoids of your size were walking, instead of just one."},{"name":"Death Petal Rose","meta":"Wondrous Item, Common (Requires Attunement)","desc":"This magic rose has 3 charges. When you fail on a death saving throw while carrying this rose, you can expend 1 charge to succeed instead. Once all of its charges have been used, the rose withers and is destroyed."},{"name":"Deathgrasp Glove","meta":"Wondrous Item, Rare (Requires Attunement)","desc":"While you wear this magic glove, a creature grappled by you can’t regain hit points and takes 1d8 necrotic damage at the start of each of its turns.\nDeath’s Grasp. As an action, you can speak the glove’s command word and cause it to animate for 1 minute. The animated glove detaches from your hand, begins to hover, flies up to 30 feet, and attempts to grapple one creature of your choice within 5 feet of it, using your Strength (Athletics) check. A creature grappled this way is considered grappled by you. While the glove hovers, you can use a bonus action to cause it to fly up to 30 feet to another spot within 30 feet of you and grapple a creature within 5 feet of it. Once used, this property can’t be used again until the next dawn."},{"name":"Djinni’s Bracers","meta":"Wondrous Item, Very Rare (Requires Attunement)","desc":"While wearing these magic bracers, you gain a +1 bonus to AC and can speak and understand Auran.\nDjinni’s Magic. These bracers have 7 charges and regain all expended charges daily at dawn. As an action, you can expend its charges to cast one of the following spells (save DC 17): detect magic (1 charge), invisibility (2 charges), gaseous form (3 charges), major image (3 charges), or wind walk (6 charges).\nCurse of Servitude. Once you don these cursed bracers, you can’t take them off until you are targeted by the remove curse spell or similar magic. While wearing the bracers, any request made directly to you that begins with the words “I wish...” is treated as if the speaker had cast a suggestion spell on you (which you automatically fail your saving throw against) and you must attempt to fulfill the request to the best of your ability. A creature can only make one such request of you."},{"name":"Hat of Naivety","meta":"Wondrous Item, Common","desc":"While wearing this magic hat, you have disadvantage on Wisdom (Insight) checks.\nFool’s Charm. When you roll a skill check using Charisma while wearing this hat, you can choose to gain advantage on the roll. Once used, this property can’t be used again until the next dawn."},{"name":"Heartlock Armor","meta":"Armor (Studded Leather), Uncommon (Requires Attunement)","desc":"This magic studded leather armor comes with a golden key. While wearing it, you automatically succeed your saving throw against any spell or effect that would alter your form.\nHeartlock. This armor has 3 charges and regains all expended charges daily at dawn. As a bonus action, you can expend 1 charge and turn the armor’s key to a specific position in the lock in the armor’s centerpiece to cause one of the following effects:\n• You gain the “enlarge” effect of the enlarge/reduce spell for 1 minute (no concentration required).\n• You gain the “reduce” effect of the enlarge/reduce spell for 1 minute (no concentration required).\n• You cast the spell knock."},{"name":"Goodberry Hat","meta":"Wondrous Item, Common","desc":"A single berry hangs on the stalk on this magical hat. A creature can pluck and eat the berry as an action. Eating the berry restores 1 hit point, and the berry provides enough nourishment to sustain a creature for one day. The berry loses its potency if it hasn’t been consumed within 1 hour after being plucked. If the berry is plucked, a new berry grows on the stalk at the next dawn."},{"name":"Grinsplitter","meta":"Weapon (Any Slashing), Uncommon","desc":"When you roll a 20 on your attack roll using this magic weapon, the target must make a DC 13 Wisdom saving throw or burst into laughter if it is a creature with an Intelligence score of 4 or higher. On a failure, the target falls prone, becoming incapacitated and unable to stand up. The target can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns and each time it takes damage, ending the effect on itself on a success."},{"name":"Hag’s Delight","meta":"Wondrous Item, Rare","desc":"If you spend at least 1 minute continually smoking this pipe, you can use the pipe to cast the modify memory spell (save DC 21) on any creatures of your choice who have remained within 20 feet of you for the past minute. The spell functions as usual, except that any memory you eliminate, change, or create must be shared by all creatures targeted by the spell, and must have happened within the last 10 minutes. Once used, this property can’t be used again until the next dawn."},{"name":"Lux’s Teacup Holster","meta":"Wondrous Item, Common","desc":"This finely crafted leather teacup holster can be worn at the hip and contains an ornately decorated teacup and saucer, plus a small side pouch for tea. While holding the teacup, you can use an action to speak the holster’s command word and have the cup magically fill with scalding hot (“Tea. Hot.”) or iced (“Tea. Cold.”) tea of the flavor of tea leaves contained in the side pouch. If the pouch is empty, the cup fills with flavorless water instead. Once the holster has produced 2 gallons of liquid, it can’t produce more until the next dawn."},{"name":"Mage’s Blood","meta":"Potion, Uncommon","desc":"This flask contains a viscous liquid that can be smeared on a weapon or up to 10 pieces of ammunition as an action. When you hit a creature with a weapon or piece of ammunition coated in the liquid, the target must succeed on a DC 15 Constitution saving throw or be poisoned for 1 minute. While poisoned this way, the creature has disadvantage on saving throws against spells and other magical effects."},{"name":"Mage’s Diadem","meta":"Wondrous Item, Very Rare (Requires Attunement)","desc":"When you cast a spell while wearing this magic diadem, you gain temporary hit points equal to the level of the spell (minimum of 1 hit point).\nContingency. This diadem can store a single spell cast into it. During a process that takes 10 minutes, any creature can cast a spell of up to 5th level that has a casting time of 1 action, and that can target you, into the diadem by touching it as the spell is cast. The spell has no effect, but is stored in the diadem until a circumstance described by you occurs. The spell takes effect immediately after the circumstance is met for the first time, whether or not you want it to. The spell uses the spell slot level, spell save DC, and spellcasting ability of the original caster, but is otherwise treated as if you cast the spell. The spell takes effect only on you, even if it can normally target others. Once the spell takes effect, it is gone from the diadem and a new spell can’t be stored in the diadem until the next dawn."},{"name":"Magical Tattoo Ink","meta":"Wondrous Item, Common","desc":"This vial holds up to 10 oz. of magical tattoo ink. When drawing or writing with it, you can will the ink to change color to any color of your choice. You can also use the ink and accompanying quill to etch a magical tattoo onto the skin of a willing creature, granted that you know the design of the tattoo. This process takes 1 hour, during which you must make a Dexterity (Sleight of Hand) check. On a failure, the ink is wasted and the tattoo fades away immediately. The Magical Tattoo Ink table lists the DC and ink consumed when creating tattoos of various rarities."},{"name":"Maiming Weapon","meta":"Weapon (Any), Uncommon","desc":"When you roll a 20 on your attack roll using this magic weapon, the target’s speed is halved, and it has disadvantage on Strength and Dexterity ability checks and saving throws until it finishes a short rest or receives magical healing."},{"name":"Map of Many Places","meta":"Wondrous Item, Common","desc":"This magic map looks like a blank sheet of grungy parchment. As an action you can use the command phrase “where am I” to have the parchment magically show a topographical map of the area within a 5-mile radius, including all objects, structures, and terrain features larger than 20 cubic feet. The map remains for 1 hour or until you roll it up as an action. Once used, this property can’t be used again until the next dawn."},{"name":"Sands of Reminiscence","meta":"Wondrous Item, Rare","desc":"This magic hourglass is empty but has a small hatch on the top, through which it can be filled with sand, dirt, dust, or liquid. When the hourglass is filled with a substance from an area and turned upside down, it projects colorless, ghostlike visions in an area up to 30 feet around it, showing an event that has transpired in the past in that area. The event shown is typically the most tragic, violent, or otherwise significant event that has occurred within a period of time, determined by how much matter is placed into the hourglass: a pinch shows up to a day; two pinches show up to a month; three pinches show up to a year, and if completely filled, the hourglass can show events that have transpired several centuries ago. Once used, this property can’t be used again until the next dawn."},{"name":"Scabbard of Sharpening","meta":"Wondrous Item, Uncommon","desc":"This magic scabbard reshapes itself to fit any nonmagical dagger or sword that is placed into it. A weapon that has been kept in the scabbard for 1 hour or more becomes a magic weapon with a +1 bonus to attack and damage rolls. This effect lasts for 1 hour after the weapon has been drawn from the scabbard."},{"name":"Scroll of Time Travel","meta":"Scroll, Legendary","desc":"As an action, you can read the scroll to transport you and up to eight willing creatures within 10 feet of you back in time. You can specify a point in time in vague terms (“A hundred years ago”) or in detail (“The day before the High Mage freed the primordial”) and you appear at exactly that time, along with everything you are wearing or carrying. If you travel to a point in the past where you existed, you appear exactly where you were and as you were at that point in time, though you retain any objects, experiences, and knowledge you acquired in your future life. Otherwise, you appear in the exact same spot (or nearest unoccupied space) where you used the scroll, though in a different time.\n\nWhen you use the scroll, you must also specify how long your visit to the past will last, which can be anything from minutes to forever. When that much time has passed, you and up to eight willing creatures within 10 feet of you are transported back to the present, arriving only a moment after you used the scroll."},{"name":"Serpent’s Maul","meta":"Weapon (Maul), Uncommon (Requires Attunement)","desc":"This magic maul has 3 charges and regains all expended charges daily at dawn. When you hit with an attack roll using it, you can expend 1 charge to force the target to make a DC 15 Wisdom saving throw. On a failure, the target is magically transformed into a constrictor snake until the end of your next turn as with the polymorph spell."},{"name":"Shapeshifter’s Sickle","meta":"Weapon (Sickle), Rare (Requires Attunement)","desc":"You gain a +1 bonus to attack and damage rolls made with this magic sickle and attack and damage rolls you make while transformed by an effect that replaces your game statistics with those of another creature. In addition, your character level or level in a specific class of your choice is considered to be 2 levels higher than it actually is when determining which creatures you can transform into when using spells or features such as polymorph or Wild Shape."},{"name":"Tattoo of Devastation","meta":"Wondrous Item (Tattoo), Uncommon (Requires Attunement)","desc":"Before you make an attack, you can choose to make the attack roll with advantage, and the tattoo disappears. If you do, and the attack hits, it is a critical hit."},{"name":"Tattoo of Freedom","meta":"Wondrous Item (Tattoo), Uncommon (Requires Attunement)","desc":"When spells and other magical effects would reduce your speed to 0 or cause you to be paralyzed or restrained, this effect is negated against you, and the tattoo disappears. You can also speak the tattoo’s command word as a bonus action to automatically escape from nonmagical restraints, such as manacles or a creature that has you grappled. Once you do so, the tattoo disappears."},{"name":"Tattoo of Heroism","meta":"Wondrous Item (Tattoo), Uncommon (Requires Attunement)","desc":"When you become frightened, or when you speak the tattoo’s command word as a bonus action, you become imbued with bravery and the tattoo disappears. You gain temporary hit points equal to your character level and you are immune to being frightened for 1 minute."},{"name":"Tattoo of Power","meta":"Wondrous Item (Tattoo), Uncommon (Requires Attunement)","desc":"When you cast a spell, you can choose to amplify the effects of that spell in one of the following ways:\n- The spell takes effect as if it were cast using a spell slot one level higher than the one used to cast it.\n- One target of the spell has disadvantage on the first saving throw it makes against the spell.\nOnce used, the tattoo disappears."},{"name":"Tattoo of Speed","meta":"Wondrous Item (Tattoo), Rarity Varies (Requires Attunement)","desc":"The tattoo has a number of charges, depending on its rarity, as shown on the Tattoo of Speed table below. You can expend 1 charge on your turn to gain the following benefits until the start of your next turn:\n- Your speed is doubled.\n- You gain a +2 bonus to AC.\n- You have advantage on Dexterity saving throws.\n- You gain an additional action on your turn, that can be used only to take the Attack (one weapon attack only), Dash, Disengage, Hide, or Use an Object action.\nOnce all its charges have been expended, the tattoo disappears."},{"name":"Tattoo of Speed (Common)","meta":"Rarity: Common, Charges: 1","desc":"Greater Speed"},{"name":"Tattoo of Speed (Uncommon)","meta":"Rarity: Uncommon, Charges: 3","desc":"Superior Speed"},{"name":"Tattoo of Speed (Rare)","meta":"Rarity: Rare, Charges: 7","desc":""},{"name":"Tattoo of Spell Turning","meta":"Wondrous Item (Tattoo), Rare (Requires Attunement)","desc":"When you are the target of a spell or spell attack that targets only you, you can choose either to make your saving throw against that spell with advantage, or that the spell attack has disadvantage against you, and the tattoo disappears. If you successfully save against the spell or the spell attack misses you, the spell has no effect on you and instead targets the caster, using the slot level, spell save DC, attack bonus, and spellcasting ability of the caster. If the spell requires concentration, it lasts until the end of the caster’s next turn, even if they choose not to maintain their concentration on it."},{"name":"Temperate Blanket","meta":"Wondrous Item, Common","desc":"One side of this 5 feet by 5 feet magic leather blanket is made from the hide of a polar bear while the other is made from salamander skin. While wearing the blanket you can tolerate temperatures as low as −50° Fahrenheit (-45 °C) and as high as 120° Fahrenheit (50 °C) without any additional protection."},{"name":"Temporal Amulet","meta":"Wondrous Item, Very Rare (Requires Attunement)","desc":"This magic amulet has 3 charges and regains all expended charges daily at dawn. While wearing it, you can expend 1 charge as a reaction at the end of another creature’s turn. You magically appear in the spot you were at the start of that creature’s turn, regain any hit points you lost during the turn, and any conditions or effects that began on you since the start of that creature’s turn no longer affect you."},{"name":"Thornbow","meta":"Weapon (Longbow), Uncommon (Requires Attunement)","desc":"This magic longbow has 3 charges and regains all expended charges daily at dawn. When you hit a creature with an attack roll using the bow, you can expend 1 charge to deal an additional 2d8 piercing damage to the target. If you do, you lose 1d8 hit points. Hail of Thorns. When you roll a 20 on your attack roll using this magic longbow, a rain of thorns sprays from the arrow. The target of the attack and each creature within 5 feet of it must make a DC 15 Dexterity saving throw. A creature takes 2d10 piercing damage on a failed save, or half as much on a successful one."},{"name":"Thunderbolt Trident","meta":"Weapon (Trident), Rare (Requires Attunement)","desc":"You have +1 to attack and damage rolls made with this magic trident, which has the finesse property.\nChain Lightning. This trident has 3 charges and regains all expended charges daily at dawn. When you hit a creature with an attack made with it, you can expend 1 charge to deal an extra 2d8 lightning damage to the target. Up to three bolts then leap from that target to as many as three other targets within 30 feet of it. A target must make a DC 15 Dexterity saving throw, taking 2d8 lightning damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one."},{"name":"Tinker’s Glasses","meta":"Wondrous Item, Uncommon","desc":"These magic glasses have 3 charges and regain all expended charges daily at dawn. While wearing them, you can expend 1 charge as a bonus action to gain one of the following benefits for 10 minutes or until you take the glasses off:\n- You have advantage on Wisdom (Perception) checks that rely on sight.\n- You have advantage on Intelligence (Investigation) checks that rely on sight.\n- You can see magical auras around any visible creature or object out to a range of 30 feet that bears magic, and you learn its school of magic, if any."},{"name":"Tonguelasher","meta":"Weapon (Rapier), Very Rare","desc":"When you hit a creature with an attack roll using this magic rapier, the target takes an extra 1d8 psychic damage and has disadvantage on the next saving throw it makes before the end of your next turn."},{"name":"Transmuter’s Robe","meta":"Wondrous Item, Rare (Requires Attunement)","desc":"When you fail a saving throw against an effect that would alter your form while wearing this magic robe, you can choose to succeed instead. Transmuter’s Boon. The robe has 3 charges and regains all expended charges daily at dawn. As a bonus action, you can expend 1 charge to gain one of the following benefits for 1 minute or until you use this property again:\n- You gain 2d12 temporary hit points.\n- Your speed is doubled and your jump distance is tripled.\n- You gain advantage on Strength, Dexterity, and Constitution saving throw and ability checks.\n- You gain advantage on Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma saving throws and ability checks."},{"name":"Transmuter’s Stone","meta":"Wondrous Item, Rare (Requires Attunement)","desc":"While carrying this magic orb, you gain one of the following benefits:\n- Darkvision out to a range of 60 ft.\n- Proficiency in one saving throw of your choice.\n- Resistance to one damage type of your choice.\nYou can change which benefit you gain from the stone whenever you finish a short or long rest."},{"name":"Trekker’s Helmet","meta":"Wondrous Item, Uncommon (Requires Attunement)","desc":"While wearing this magic helmet, your proficiency bonus is doubled for any ability check you make that uses the Survival skill. In addition, when you make a Strength or Dexterity ability check, you can choose to gain advantage on the roll. Once used, this property can’t be used again until the next dawn."},{"name":"Truestrike Crossbow","meta":"Weapon (Any Crossbow), Rare (Requires Attunement)","desc":"This magic crossbow has 3 charges and regains all expended charges daily at dawn. As a bonus action, you can expend 1 charge and set the crossbow’s sight on a target you can see within 60 feet. For 1 minute or until you choose a new target, you have advantage on ranged attack rolls against it using this weapon. In addition, you ignore half cover and three-quarters cover when making ranged attacks against the target with this crossbow. If the target becomes invisible or heavily obscured, you can see it as if it was fully visible."},{"name":"Vial of Spiders","meta":"Wondrous Item, Common","desc":"This palm-sized vial is filled with exactly 888 tiny spiders. The spiders magically obey the verbal commands of the last person to open the vial. Too small to harm Tiny or larger creatures, the spiders have little use in combat, but can be used as sentries, to creep people out, or to keep a small house clear of insects. New spiders grow in the bottle at night, so that 888 spiders always exist at a time."},{"name":"Wand of Quickness","meta":"Wand, Rare (Requires Attunement)","desc":"This magic wand has 3 charges and regains all expended charges daily at dawn. When you cast a spell that has a casting time of 1 action while holding this wand, you can expend 1 charge to change the casting time to 1 bonus action for this casting."},{"name":"Wand of the Director","meta":"Wand, Uncommon","desc":"This magic wand has 3 charges and regains all expended charges daily at dawn. As an action, you can expend 1 charge and point the wand at a creature you can see within 30 feet. That creature can immediately use its reaction to move up to its speed or make one weapon attack."},{"name":"Watcher’s Visage","meta":"Wondrous Item, Rare (Requires Attunement)","desc":"This magic helmet has 3 charges and regains all expended charges daily at dawn. As an action, you can expend 1 charge to gain one of the following benefits for 1 hour or until you take the helmet off:\n- You have darkvision out to a range of 60 feet.\n- You can see invisible creatures and objects, as well as see into the Ethereal Plane, out to a range of 60 feet.\n- You can see magical auras around any visible creature or object out to a range of 30 feet that bears magic, and you learn its school of magic, if any."},{"name":"Wondrous Bestiary","meta":"Wondrous Item, Rare (Requires Attunement)","desc":"This magic book contains descriptions of a seemingly infinite assortment of creatures. You can reference the book whenever you make an Intelligence check to recall information about a type or subtype of creature (such as an Elf, a Dragon, or a Zombie). When you do so, double your proficiency bonus on that check.\nInstant Recollection. The book has 3 charges and regains all expended charges daily at dawn. As a bonus action, you can speak its command word to magically recall information about a creature you can see within 30 feet. Choose one of the following pieces of information to learn:\n- The creature’s AC, maximum Hit Points, and Speed.\n- The creature’s Ability Scores and Saving Throw proficiencies.\n- The creature’s Damage Vulnerabilities, Damage Resistances, Damage Immunities, and Condition Immunities, if it has any.\n- Which actions the creature has, though not the exact details of those actions.\n- Any special qualities and defenses, such as Legendary Resistance or Magic Resistance.\nIf the creature has statistics beyond what is typical for its race, type, or subtype (such as a Goblin with special actions and additional hit points), you may not able to learn these unique statistics, at the GM’s discretion."}]
